Create topic open models (#3101)
github/explore: topics/open-models/index.md

---
display_name: Open Models
short_description: Ways of organizing and co-producing knowledge in the digital age.
topic: open-models
aliases: openmodels
related: open-source, open-science, open-education, open-hardware, open-standard, open-innovation, open-data
---

> Set of open models that emerge with digital: open source, open science, open education, open hardware, open standard,
> open innovation, open data...
> 
> Ways of organizing and co-producing knowledge around digital commons or shared objectives.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
Set of open models that emerged from digital technology and ways of organizing and co-producing knowledge around digital commons or shared objectives. For example, open source, open science, open education, open hardware, open standard, open innovation and open data.
```
